label leowednesday:

"I stare out the window as we roll down the dusty streets of Echo."
"Every road, every corner, every trailer and every tree has a memory for it."
"There, in the middle of the dusty parking lot that used to belong to the Corner Market, is a tiny stand that used to be where I'd get ice cream after begging for a quarter from my parents."
"It's crumbled and boarded up now, the paint peeling off in tiny chips."
"And there, in front of Duke's house, is a big flat rock that Jenna was standing on when she told me she was going to run away from home."
"I can still remember the way the red of the early-evening sunset turned her beige fur to an angry orange."
"And the old train yard, the spot where Leo first kissed me. I remember being self-concious because I was sweating so much, the sun bright in the middle of summer."
"Leo didn't seem to care at the time, though. I think I was fifteen, then."
"I look over at Leo. He's got one hand on the wheel, glancing up at the rearview mirror occasionally to trade barbs with Flynn."
f "\"I'm regrettin' not letting him know we're comin'. You know? You'll be lucky if he even gets his ass out of bed.\""
l "\"We'll call him then.\""
f "\"And what if he doesn't answer?\""
"Leo doesn't say anything, instead focusing back on the road. TJ fills the silence after a while."
t "\"Well, I don't think it's too weird. It's just like we're hanging out again. Nothing wrong with that.\""
f "\"Sure, but making it about Carl is just...weird. Maybe if his birthday was like, next week? Two weeks tops.\""
j "\"Oh hush, Flynn. It'll just be like we're hanging out. You acting weird about it isn't going to help anything."
"The car starts slowing down and I snap out of my daydreaming to look up, knowing that we definitely weren't at Carl's house yet."
"That's when I see a round canine figure standing further up on the side of the road, in the dirt that separates the road and the field with its broken and rusted barbed wire fence."
l "\"I think that's Janice.\""
"I look over at Leo and he seems concerned, his brows furrowed as he carefull steers the car right up next to the coyote."
"I can see why; she's crouched over, elbows on her knees, staring at the ground."
l "\"Roll down your window, Chase.\""
f "\"The hell is she doing out here?\""
"We come to a stop next to the coyote just as I finish rolling down my window."
l "\"I dunno...HEY!\""
"Leo leans over me and smiles out at Janice, who's still looking at the ground."
l "\"Everything al—\""
"Leo's voice cuts off in a weird choking sound."
"I look at him, confused, then look back out the window and I can't help myself, but I gasp."
"It was hard to tell from the angle, and all the dust kicked up by the van, but now I can see that Janice has her pants down around her thighs, and I can see everything."
"I sit back quickly and avert my eyes, looking out the windshield instead."
f "\"What the fuck.\""
j "\"Oh my God. Leo, keep going.\""
"Jenna whispers it, her voice short and clipped."
l "\"Oh! Uh, sorry, uh—\""
"Leo stops talking and I chance a glance out the window again."
"Janice is looking at us now, and she's smiling."
"It's weird, because the smile isn't touching her eyes, it's unnerving."
"Leo stares back."
m "\"Leo, let's just go.\""
"I hiss out the side of my mouth, staring out the windshield again. He seems reluctant though, looking even more concerned, now."
l "\"Janice, do you need some help?\""
"He's taken on the tone someone might use if they were dealing with someone that just escaped a psychiatric mental institution."
"I don't hear her say anything, except maybe a grunt. Leo keeps trying, though.\""
l "\"We can give you a ri—\""
"Leo stops talking in time for me to hear a pattering sound, a sound I recognized well from my time as kid pissing on the dirt roads of Echo."
"The van lurches forward, then resumes a smoother acceleration back onto the empty road."
f "\"Holy shit! What the fuck was that!?\""
l "\"I dont...\""
"Leo's frowning, looking confused as I've ever seen him."
