j "\"Let's take a look around upstairs. If we're supposed to find something then we should start from top to bottom.\""
ra "\"Agreed!\""
"Carl bends down to pick me up, but I rest a paw on his shoulder."
m "\"Wait, I don't want you to have to drag me everywhere, let alone up and down the stairs.\""
"He stops mid-stoop, his face level with mine as he looks at me."
c "\"You sure? I don't really wanna leave you alone down here.\""
"As I look back at him I can't help but note the differences that I'd noticed earlier."
"His face has harder lines, his fur duller, eyes somehow deeper...wiser?"
c "\"You alright?\""
"I break out of my trance and blink."
m "\"Y--yeah...yeah, I'll just stay down here and look around where I can.\""
"Jenna and Raven are already making their way up the stairs, Raven going on about how his family used to have their own log cabin."
c "\"Alright, but shout if, uh, if you need anything.\""
"I smile. At least I feel like some parts of Carl are still familiar."
"After the ram heads up the stairs, I lean back on my little bench, letting my head tilt back as I close my eyes."
"Even in this new environment everything is still feeling surreal."
"I've come to welcome the feeling, though."
"It's a nice little barrier to everything that's happening right now."
"In some ways I can still pretend that this is a dream."
"Hell, even now I'm thinking it's a dream; somehow stuck in one of my paralysees."
"Maybe I'm in a hospital right now and they're trying to figure out how to pull me out of it..."
"That thought has me feeling like I'm being watched and the fur prickles around my neck."
"I guess it would be kind of awkward if all of those doctors are watching me right now...maybe Carl's there too, and Leo, and Flynn and TJ..."
"The feeling gets stronger, so I turn back around to look out the window."
"It's still silent, and the lonely little flame in the distance continues to flicker around the rocks and sage brush."
"It makes me wonder how endless this world is."
"If we're in some type of ghost dimension being manipulated by what are basically ghost gods, then will this whole ordeal be neverending?"
"The though twists my stomach so I stop thinking about it."
"I turn back around and force my eyes to start scanning the kitchen from top to bottom, looking for something, anything that might stand out."
"I assume I'm looking for a letter, but again, if the rules are limitless in this world then there's no telling what it might be that we're supposed to find next."
"I think about vocally asking James, or whoever the hell it is, for some help, or at least a hint, but there's no way I'm gonna do that without the others with me."
"I'm thinking about pushing off the bench to start hobbling around the kitchen when a small scratching sound catches my attention."
"I hold still, then lean back, tilting my ear towards the sound."
"It's muffled, and a bit distant, but it's coming from directly to my left."
"Is it happening on the outside of the cabin?"
"My fur prickles and I think about calling Carl."
"I can hear the three of them stomping around, talking to each other in muffled voices from upstairs."
"I turn around again, this time a little more tentatively."
"The dancing bonfire continues to glow quietly, no other movement aside from the shadows."
"This time a rustling sound comes from that same spot and I instinctively turn my eyes in its direction."
m "\"Carl?\""
"I raise my voice only a little bit, but their conversation carries on upstairs as if I hadn't said anything."
"I look up at the ceiling, then back out the window."
"The rustling sound continues, this time in earnest, as if somethings twisting around in the brush."
"It's coming from just out of view of the window, right at the base of the house."
"I hold my breath and lean forward."
"I stretch my neck up to get a better angle and peer down into the darkness."
"It's really too dark to see much, or at least that's what I was thinking."
"Almost as if it has it's own glow, a bright, white face stares back at me from the blackness."
"My mind blanks and my body siezes up."
"And just like that I'm in a paralysis,forced to stare down at the white face, the black eyes..."
"It's as if the thing is holding me with it's gaze, but as it does its features become more definable."
"I see tall ears, a long, pointy muzzle, a band of some type across the thing's forehead..."
"???" "\"Stop. It.\""
"Something says very deliberately through their teeth right in my ear and at the same time the face flickers and fuzzes, like a TV picture with bad reception."
"The head twitches and shifts, then the muzzle opens and--"
"The cackle that comes forth is all at once terrifying and familiar and at that moment I'm released."
"My vocal chords start working at that moment and I let out a scream as I fall backwards."
"I land on the wooden floor with a loud crash that shakes the pots and pans on the shelves."
"The room spins and I feel like I'm coming right out of a dream, like I'd been sleeping for ages."
"The next thing I know is that I'm surrounded by the three faces of my friends, all looking down at me."
"Carl grabs me under the arms and pulls me into a sitting position, his face worried, but there's something else, too...anger?"
c "\"What happened!?\""
"I'm startled by his abruptness and I stammer through an answer."
m "\"I--I, it was a face...out the window...\""
c "\"What did it say!?\""
ra "\"Carl...\""
"Raven reproaches the ram gently, his ears falling."
"Carl glances at the husky, then at Jenna who's been silent so far, then back at me, slowly letting go."
c "\"S--sorry, I was just worried about you...what did you see? Did it say anything?\""
"It takes me a moment to find my voice."
m "\"Uh, no, no it didn't say anything, just laughed.\""
c "\"What did it look like?\""
m "\"A--a fox, maybe? Had a band over his head.\""
"Carl's eyes narrow."
ra "\"Hey, I found something!\""
"We all look up at Raven as he holds up a yellowing piece of paper."
